feat(repo): bootstrap APIx — AgentOS, Agent Skills, CI and governance

Establishes the APIx repository baseline against the v2.1 engineering dossier
(MoSPI problem statement 26056). Bootstrap only — no APIx feature code.

AgentOS
- Vendored raptors-way@2cf150f (VERSION 1.0.0), template .git removed.
- Initialised through the supported workflow:
  bootstrap_project.py --config apix_bootstrap.yaml, profile `flagship`
  (all 9 standards, 11 agents, 8 quality gates). The config is committed so the
  initialisation is reproducible rather than a one-off interactive session.
- Four upstream defects found. UP-001 (hardcoded author-specific REPO_ROOT) and
  UP-004 (artifact validator walks the repository unscoped) are patched, because
  without them the framework reports a score that is not about this project.
  UP-002 and UP-003 are reported and deliberately left alone; UP-003 in
  particular would require inventing metrics that were never measured. All four
  are recorded with measurements and reproduction steps in
  docs/agentos/UPSTREAM_PATCHES.md.
- Validator: 93/100, identical to a pristine upstream clone. No regression.

Agent Skills
- addyosmani/agent-skills 0.6.9 vendored: 25 skills, 7 shared checklists,
  skills-lock.json. Copied rather than symlinked, so the set survives a Windows
  clone and a skill upgrade is a reviewable diff.
- Closed the upstream references/ portability gap (issue #361) that would have
  left ten skills citing checklists that were never installed.

Architecture boundary
- tests/test_architecture.py enforces dossier section 05: nothing under
  statistics/ may import sklearn, lightgbm, xgboost, torch, anthropic or openai,
  nor the analytics/ or ai/ layers above it.
- The check is static — it parses with ast and never imports the layer — and it
  tests itself by planting each forbidden import, because a boundary test that
  cannot fail reports a safety it is not checking.

Governance
- CODEOWNERS, PR template, branching, ownership and checkpoint policies.
- .githooks/pre-commit refuses commits from an unrecognised identity, from an
  identity that does not match the branch owner, and directly to main.
- CI: architecture boundary, ruff, mypy, pytest, AgentOS health with a
  no-regression baseline, YAML lint, internal link check.

Structure
- Dossier section 13 layout created, empty: schemas, ingestion, statistics
  (elementary, aggregation, tpd, uncertainty, index), analytics, ai, api,
  dashboard, experiments, docs, tests. Each with a README stating its owner,
  its checkpoint, and the rules that govern it.
- The dossier itself is vendored to docs/dossier/ as the source of truth.

Flagged, not silently resolved
- statistics/ at the repository root shadows the stdlib statistics module. CI is
  unaffected (the boundary check is static), but this must be settled
  deliberately at Checkpoint 1 before the first module lands there.

Refs: CHECKPOINT-0

Co-Authored-By: Claude Opus 5 <noreply@anthropic.com>
